In this conversation your role is to continue guiding me through my final project development. Your guide should be done step by step, and at each step you should provide complete, error-free code ready to be pasted into the project (You don't have to produce full code files, but in case you changed the code of a function or created a new one, you must write it in full). You must verify with me that the step you are implementing works without errors before we proceed to the next step. During the development, you should write and refactor the code by following "best practice" software engineering conventions. For maximum context and to avoid mistakes, I will attach the current code of the system with you here, and I will explain now what you should exactly focus on:


1) Continue implementing the functionality of the personal instructions that the user can choose to use in the profile settings. When this mode is enabled in the profile settings, the LLM should consider what is set globally throughout all conversations with the user, and respond to them considering what is listed there (e.g. include the user's name in responses when possible, specific preferences and etc.). When this mode is disabled, the LLM must stop considering these instructions, and converse with the user as a general and anonymous person.

2) Locate the button with the HTML code I attached to this message as a file in the frontend. You must fix its functionality so that when the user clicks on it and it switches to the "off" state, the elements (2 and 3) that I detailed in that attachment will be hidden from the user's eyes and vice versa.

3) As you can see in the content of the backend's .env file, its current code already contains a partial skeleton for integrating the system with 2 tools that are not yet in use (Langfuse and Tavily). If they can be useful in improving a certain functionality of the system, you must guide me on what needs to be done so that the system receives added value from those tools.

*) You must provide 100% working code and do not reply back to me before you have verified that the code meets the following requirements: *) In the case of frontend code: write strictly according to correct TS conventions and completely avoid ESLint errors. *) In the case of backend code: make sure to integrate code that is compatible with the rest of the code already written, and completely avoid warnings that may appear in PyCharm.